Add migration notice for new release (#740)
microsoft/code-push: migration-notice.md

# Migration notice

## CodePush SDK

> CodePush SDK migrated to a new service. We recommend updating CodePush SDK to the latest version. Versions are lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)** will not work in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CodePush SDK migrated to a new service. We recommend updating CodePush SDK to the latest version. Versions lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)** will not work in the near future.
```

Author: Thank for review!

### Deprecated methods

* getSessions
* patchAccessKey
* removeSession
* getAccessKey

> These methods are not supported in the release's version **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)** and above.

Reviewer: A tad more direct :)
```suggestion
These methods are not supported in versions **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)** and above.
```

### Comparison

* Server URL

  * versions **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)** and above:

    `https://api.appcenter.ms/v0.1`

>   * versions are lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * versions lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)**:
```

    `https://codepush-management.azurewebsites.net`

    `https://codepush.appcenter.ms/v0.1/legacy`

* Request's path

    For example the path of `getDeployments` method:

  * versions **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)** and above:

    `https://api.appcenter.ms/v0.1/apps/{owner_name}/{app_name}/deployments/`

>   * versions are lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * versions lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)**:
```

    `https://codepush-management.azurewebsites.net/apps/{app_name}/deployments/`

* Error message

>   We change some messages for error handling. For example the output of `getDeployments` method:

Reviewer: We should mention status code I suppose because it's usually important when handling network responses.

```suggestion
  Messages and status codes for error handling are different. For example the output of `getDeployments` method:
```

>   * versions **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)** and above:

Reviewer: What scenario triggers this HTTP code, assuming these are http codes? It's probably worth being exhaustive or more detailed if we can because `404` and `500` doesn't have the same meaning.

Author: There are different services and they have different behavior

Reviewer: Synced off line. The messages may differ in other scenarios too but the status code differs in this scenario only.

    ```javascript
    {
        message: 'Not found. Correlation ID: *****',
        statusCode: 404
    }
    ```

>   * versions are lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * versions lower than **[4.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/code-push/releases/tag/v4.0.0)**:
```

    ```javascript
    {
        message: 'Internal Server Error',
        statusCode: 500
    }
    ```

* Method signature

    Methods signature was not changed. All methods work the same as in previous versions.

## CodePush CLI

> We released a new version of CodePush CLI. The latest version of CodePush CLI (**[3.0.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/code-push-cli/v/3.0.0)**) now is available. This is the last release of CodePush CLI. We no longer update CLI and recommend migrating to App Center CLI (<https://github.com/microsoft/appcenter-cli>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CodePush CLI **[v3.0.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/code-push-cli/v/3.0.0)** is the latest and last version for this CLI. We no longer update the CodePush CLI and recommend migrating to the App Center CLI (<https://github.com/microsoft/appcenter-cli>).
```

## Cordova-plugin-code-push

> Cordova-plugin-code-push versions are lower than to **[1.12.0](https://github.com/microsoft/cordova-plugin-code-push/releases/tag/v1.12.0)** will stop working in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cordova-plugin-code-push versions lower than **[1.12.0](https://github.com/microsoft/cordova-plugin-code-push/releases/tag/v1.12.0)** will stop working in the near future.
```

## React-native-code-push

> React-native-code-push versions are lower than to **[5.7.0](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-code-push/releases/tag/v5.7.0)** will stop working in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React-native-code-push versions lower than **[5.7.0](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-code-push/releases/tag/v5.7.0)** will stop working in the near future.
```
